README.md, before:

<!--
Rami Abdelrazzaq - GitHub Profile README
Theme: Custom Rami Theme 733
-->

<div align="center">

  <!-- Static header banner -->
  <img
    src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=wave&color=0A9469&height=180&section=header&text=Rami%20Abdelrazzaq&fontSize=40&fontColor=ffffff&desc=Software%20Engineer%20|%20AI%20Evaluator%20|%20Founder&descAlign=50&descAlignY=70"
    alt="Header"
  />

  <!-- Quick badges -->
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rami-abdelrazzaq-6742541bb/">
    <img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:ramiabdelrazzaq@gmail.com">
    <img alt="Email" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-ramiabdelrazzaq%40gmail.com-555" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://devpost.com/software/cougar-degree">
    <img alt="Devpost" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Devpost-003E54?logo=devpost&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://akhdarperfumes.com">
    <img alt="Akhdar Perfumes" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Akhdar%20Perfumes-065C1B?logo=shopify&logoColor=white" />
  </a>

  <br />
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=RamiNoodle733&label=VISITOR%20LOG&style=flat&color=00ff88" alt="visitor badge" />

</div>

---

## Tech Stack and Tools

**Languages & Frameworks**

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-A8B9CC?logo=c&logoColor=000)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-025E8C)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white)

**Databases**

![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

**Tools & Platforms**

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)
![MySQL Workbench](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL%20Workbench-4479A1?logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-000000?logo=render&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?logo=linux&logoColor=000)
![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?logo=windows&logoColor=white)

---

## GitHub Stats and Metrics

<div align="center">

<a href="https://github.com/RamiNoodle733">
  <img alt="GitHub Stats" height="160" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RamiNoodle733&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=merko&include_all_commits=true" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/RamiNoodle733">
  <img alt="Top Langs" height="160" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=RamiNoodle733&layout=compact&theme=merko&langs_count=8" />
</a>

<img alt="Streak" src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=RamiNoodle733&theme=merko&hide_border=false" />

<!-- Activity graph -->
<img alt="Activity Graph" src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=RamiNoodle733&theme=github-compact&radius=8&area=true" />

<!-- Trophies -->
<img alt="Trophies" src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=RamiNoodle733&theme=matrix&no-bg=true&no-frame=true&margin-w=12" />

</div>

---

## Featured Projects

| Project | Description | Tech Stack |
|---|---|---|
| **Islamic Glossary Reminders**  • [Live](https://islamic-glossary-reminders.onrender.com) • [Repo](https://github.com/RamiNoodle733/Islamic-Glossary-Reminders) | Full stack app with timed check-ins, knowledge points, streaks, and a community leaderboard. No repeat term inside each time window. | ![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-000000?logo=render&logoColor=white) |
| **Cougar Degree - Hackathon**  • [Devpost](https://devpost.com/software/cougar-degree) • [Code](https://github.com/mvmonr0e/cougardegree) | UH degree planner that generates balanced 8 semester roadmaps with prerequisite checks and progress tracking. MLH winner for Best Use of DigitalOcean Gradient AI. | ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000) ![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white) |
| **Animal Stats**  • [Live](https://raminoodle733.github.io/animal-stats/) • [Repo](https://github.com/RamiNoodle733/animal-stats) | Interactive site for exploring animal statistics with quick comparisons and a clean UI. | ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000) |

---

## Profile

Computer Science graduate at the University of Houston. I like shipping small projects quickly, then iterating based on feedback. I also run Akhdar Perfumes where I handle product, site, and content.

**Quick flags**
- BS in Computer Science, Cum Laude, University of Houston  
- Dean’s List Spring 2024, Fall 2024, Spring 2025  
- AI Evaluation Specialist at Outlier AI

---

## Resume Snapshot

<details>
<summary><b>Open snapshot</b></summary>

**Education**
- University of Houston - BS in Computer Science, May 2025  
- Cum Laude  
- Dean’s List Spring 2024, Fall 2024, Spring 2025

**Experience**
- AI Evaluation Specialist, Outlier AI - Nov 2024 to Present  
  Trained and refined AI coding models through code assessments, debugging tasks, and optimizations.
- Software Developer, Boston Scientific Cardio Vision - Jan 2025 to May 2025  
  Backend data ops for large ECG sets, vector visualizations, testing for accuracy and reliability.
- Coding Instructor, Coder Kids - Aug 2024 to Jan 2025  
  Taught Scratch and Python to two age groups and guided project completion.

**Selected Projects**
- Cougar Degree - MLH Best Use of DigitalOcean Gradient AI winner  
  Two engines: Gemini 2.5 Flash and a DigitalOcean Gradient AI agent exposed via REST API with Bearer auth.  
  Difficulty aware scheduling using CougarGrades distributions and dependency resolution.
- Full Stack Glossary Reminders Web App  
  JWT auth, REST APIs, MongoDB persistence, streaks, leaderboard, time based check-ins.

**Skills**
- Languages and frameworks: Python, JavaScript, Java, C++, C, SQL, HTML, CSS, Flask, Node.js, Express, MongoDB  
- Tools: Git, GitHub, VS Code, MySQL Workbench, Render  
- Areas: AI and ML, Data Analysis, Linux, Windows
</details>

---

## Let’s Connect

`LinkedIn` → https://www.linkedin.com/in/rami-abdelrazzaq-6742541bb/  
`GitHub` → https://github.com/RamiNoodle733  
`Email` → ramiabdelrazzaq@gmail.com  
`Devpost` → https://devpost.com/software/cougar-degree  
`Akhdar Perfumes` → https://akhdarperfumes.com

Commit message:

Add Boston Scientific project and update experience details
Added a new project entry for 'Boston Scientific - Cardio Vision' with details on the web app work for ECG data flows and visualization. Updated the experience section to include a more detailed description of the backend data operations.

README.md, after:

<!--
Rami Abdelrazzaq - GitHub Profile README
Theme: Custom Rami Theme 733
-->

<div align="center">

  <!-- Static header banner -->
  <img
    src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=wave&color=0A9469&height=180&section=header&text=Rami%20Abdelrazzaq&fontSize=40&fontColor=ffffff&desc=Software%20Engineer%20|%20AI%20Evaluator%20|%20Founder&descAlign=50&descAlignY=70"
    alt="Header"
  />

  <!-- Quick badges -->
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rami-abdelrazzaq-6742541bb/">
    <img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:ramiabdelrazzaq@gmail.com">
    <img alt="Email" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-ramiabdelrazzaq%40gmail.com-555" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://devpost.com/software/cougar-degree">
    <img alt="Devpost" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Devpost-003E54?logo=devpost&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://akhdarperfumes.com">
    <img alt="Akhdar Perfumes" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Akhdar%20Perfumes-065C1B?logo=shopify&logoColor=white" />
  </a>

  <br />
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=RamiNoodle733&label=VISITOR%20LOG&style=flat&color=00ff88" alt="visitor badge" />

</div>

---

## Tech Stack and Tools

**Languages & Frameworks**

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-A8B9CC?logo=c&logoColor=000)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-025E8C)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white)

**Databases**

![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

**Tools & Platforms**

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)
![MySQL Workbench](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL%20Workbench-4479A1?logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-000000?logo=render&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?logo=linux&logoColor=000)
![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?logo=windows&logoColor=white)

---

## GitHub Stats and Metrics

<div align="center">

<a href="https://github.com/RamiNoodle733">
  <img alt="GitHub Stats" height="160" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RamiNoodle733&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=merko&include_all_commits=true" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/RamiNoodle733">
  <img alt="Top Langs" height="160" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=RamiNoodle733&layout=compact&theme=merko&langs_count=8" />
</a>

<img alt="Streak" src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=RamiNoodle733&theme=merko&hide_border=false" />

<!-- Activity graph -->
<img alt="Activity Graph" src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=RamiNoodle733&theme=github-compact&radius=8&area=true" />

<!-- Trophies -->
<img alt="Trophies" src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=RamiNoodle733&theme=matrix&no-bg=true&no-frame=true&margin-w=12" />

</div>

---

## Featured Projects

| Project | Description | Tech Stack |
|---|---|---|
| **Islamic Glossary Reminders**  • [Live](https://islamic-glossary-reminders.onrender.com) • [Repo](https://github.com/RamiNoodle733/Islamic-Glossary-Reminders) | Full stack app with timed check-ins, knowledge points, streaks, and a community leaderboard. No repeat term inside each time window. | ![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-000000?logo=render&logoColor=white) |
| **Cougar Degree - Hackathon**  • [Devpost](https://devpost.com/software/cougar-degree) • [Code](https://github.com/mvmonr0e/cougardegree) | UH degree planner that generates balanced 8 semester roadmaps with prerequisite checks and progress tracking. MLH winner for Best Use of DigitalOcean Gradient AI. | ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000) ![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white) |
| **Boston Scientific - Cardio Vision (capstone)** • [Repo](https://github.com/venkats/sdp25_unknown) | Web app work for ECG data flows and visualization. Focus areas: upload workflows, reliability, and testing. Frontend tests with Vitest and backend tests with PyTest. | ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000) ![Vitest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vitest-6E9F18) ![PyTest](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTest-0A9EDC) |
| **Animal Stats**  • [Live](https://raminoodle733.github.io/animal-stats/) • [Repo](https://github.com/RamiNoodle733/animal-stats) | Interactive site for exploring animal statistics with quick comparisons and a clean UI. | ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000) |

---

## Profile

Computer Science graduate at the University of Houston. I like shipping small projects quickly, then iterating based on feedback. I also run Akhdar Perfumes where I handle product, site, and content.

**Quick flags**
- BS in Computer Science, Cum Laude, University of Houston  
- Dean’s List Spring 2024, Fall 2024, Spring 2025  
- AI Evaluation Specialist at Outlier AI

---

## Resume Snapshot

<details>
<summary><b>Open snapshot</b></summary>

**Education**
- University of Houston - BS in Computer Science, May 2025  
- Cum Laude  
- Dean’s List Spring 2024, Fall 2024, Spring 2025

**Experience**
- AI Evaluation Specialist, Outlier AI - Nov 2024 to Present  
  Trained and refined AI coding models through code assessments, debugging tasks, and optimizations.
- Software Developer, Boston Scientific Cardio Vision - Jan 2025 to May 2025  
  Backend data ops for large ECG sets, vector visualizations, and testing for accuracy and reliability.
- Coding Instructor, Coder Kids - Aug 2024 to Jan 2025  
  Taught Scratch and Python to two age groups and guided project completion.

**Selected Projects**
- Cougar Degree - MLH Best Use of DigitalOcean Gradient AI winner  
  Two engines: Gemini 2.5 Flash and a DigitalOcean Gradient AI agent exposed via REST API with Bearer auth.  
  Difficulty aware scheduling using CougarGrades distributions and dependency resolution.
- Full Stack Glossary Reminders Web App  
  JWT auth, REST APIs, MongoDB persistence, streaks, leaderboard, time based check-ins.

**Skills**
- Languages and frameworks: Python, JavaScript, Java, C++, C, SQL, HTML, CSS, Flask, Node.js, Express, MongoDB  
- Tools: Git, GitHub, VS Code, MySQL Workbench, Render  
- Areas: AI and ML, Data Analysis, Linux, Windows
</details>

---

## Let’s Connect

`LinkedIn` → https://www.linkedin.com/in/rami-abdelrazzaq-6742541bb/  
`GitHub` → https://github.com/RamiNoodle733  
`Email` → ramiabdelrazzaq@gmail.com  
`Devpost` → https://devpost.com/software/cougar-degree  
`Akhdar Perfumes` → https://akhdarperfumes.com
